The simple task of buying software, services, or tools at work has become hopelessly complicated at even the most innovative companies in the world. Today, enterprises spend $120T+ per year globally (>30 times larger than annual consumer e-commerce spend) and rely on vendors more than ever before to run their businesses.

Our cofounders started Zip in 2020 to address this seemingly intractable problem with a purpose-built procurement platform that provides a simple, consumer-grade user experience. Within the last 4 years, Zip has created a new category and developed the leading solution in this $50B+ TAM space. Today, the world’s leading companies like OpenAI, Snowflake, Anthropic, Coinbase, and Prudential rely on Zip to manage billions of dollars in spend.

We have a world-class team coming from category-defining companies like Airbnb, Meta, Stripe, Salesforce, Apple, and Google. With a $2.2 billion valuation and $370 million in funding from Y Combinator, Tiger Global, BOND, DST Global, and CRV, we’re focused on developing cutting-edge technology, expanding into new global markets, and—above all–driving incredible value for our customers. Join us!

Your Role
We’re growing quickly and need your help: we launched in early 2020 and are growing by 40+% every month. We have a wide product surface area, covering request management, no code workflow builders, customer-facing reporting dashboards, connections to ticketing systems, integrations with financial systems, B2B payment processing and more.

As a Senior/Staff Software Engineer you will be responsible for building Zip’s core products and architecture. You will ship features that will be immediately used by our users, and will work with a tight-knit team that values open communication and cross-functional collaboration. We move quickly to solve a wide range of complex technical and product challenges. While we are an experienced team that can provide constant guidance and mentorship, we value engineers who can autonomously scope and solve difficult technical challenges.

You Will
Design and build highly reliable and resilient products and features.

Work closely with cross functional product and customer-facing teams to understand requirements and ship thoughtful solutions.

Write high-quality, extensible, and maintainable code.

Design and build scalable frontend applications and components.

Design and build APIs to drive existing and new features for a web-based application.

Qualifications
3+ years of software engineering experience.

BS or higher, in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g. physics or math)

Experience with web application and API development in production environments. At Zip, our stack includes Python, Javascript, React, and GraphQL.

Experience with industry standard build, test, deploy tools. At Zip, our stack includes Kubernetes, Spinnaker, Jenkins, Kibana, Prometheus, and Grafana.

Ability and interest to quickly learn new frameworks, architecture patterns, and programming languages as needed

Experience working at a small company with diverse responsibilities is a bonus, but not required.

Experience working with API connections with external systems like Jira, ServiceNow, Slack, etc is a bonus, but not required.

Perks & Benefits
At Zip, we’re committed to providing our employees with everything they need to do their best work.

📈  Start-up equity

🦷  Health, vision & dental coverage

🚠  Team building events & happy hours

🌴  Flexible PTO

💻  Apple equipment plus home office budget

We're looking to hire Zipsters and that means hiring people who take ownership, communicate openly, have an underdog mindset, and are excited to increase the pace of innovation for every business in the world. We encourage all candidates to apply even if your experience doesn't exactly match up to our job description. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workspace where everyone (regardless of age, religion, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, and more) feels like they belong. We look forward to hearing from you!